README.md, before:

# Learn the Web!

My personal repo to save all the code I wrote while learning the web, including practice files and some small projects (they can't really be called projects but we have to start somewhere right?).

Yes I was following along Colt's Web Bootcamp on Udemy, but you don't have to, FreeCodeCamp is amazing too.

## Some thoughts

JavaScript has tripped me up a lot, but it was fun, and I can write stuff I just simply cannot do in statically strongly typed languages that I'm used to and loved. Yes I can shoot myself in the foot, but I can also bend the trajectory of the bullet. That, is the hellscape called JS.

HTML is also weird, and to be honest, I miss the strictness of XML, but it is also a lot more tolerant. UI code not working because I forgot to close a paragraph tag is no longer a thing anymore.

Yes the code will be weird and dodgy, and best practices are all thrown outside the window, so bear with me.  
The point is not to write perfect code, but to write any code at all, and have fun along the away.

# Project listing
## Bootstrap
- **Museum of Candy**: *UNFINISHED* - Just a page to play with Bootstrap
## HTML-CSS
- **Good button**: A beautiful button IMO
- **Pricing panel**: First attempt on responsive design
- **Ulti-search**: A page to search in other pages. Learned how to use forms and submits without JS.
## HTML-CSS-JS
- **RandomBG**: Generate random background color. Meets JS for the first time.
- **ScoreKeeper**: Basically a score counter, first encounter with Bulma. Is somewhat responsive.

****
And more is coming...

Commit message:

Split into frontend and backend. Changed README.

README.md, after:

# Learn the Web!

My personal repo to save all the code I wrote while learning the web, including practice files and some small projects (they can't really be called projects but we have to start somewhere right?).

Yes I was following along Colt's Web Bootcamp on Udemy, but you don't have to, FreeCodeCamp is amazing too.

## Some thoughts

JavaScript has tripped me up a lot, but it was fun, and I can write stuff I just simply cannot do in statically strongly typed languages that I'm used to and loved. Yes I can shoot myself in the foot, but I can also bend the trajectory of the bullet. That, is the hellscape called JS.

HTML is also weird, and to be honest, I miss the strictness of XML, but it is also a lot more tolerant. UI code not working because I forgot to close a paragraph tag is no longer a thing anymore.

Yes the code will be weird and dodgy, and best practices are all thrown outside the window, so bear with me.  
The point is not to write perfect code, but to write any code at all, and have fun along the away.

# Project listing
## Frontend
Projects that doesn't require a backend server
### Bootstrap
- **Museum of Candy**: *UNFINISHED* - Just a page to play with Bootstrap
### HTML-CSS
- **Good button**: A beautiful button IMO
- **Pricing panel**: First attempt on responsive design
- **UltiSearch**: A page to search in other pages. Learned how to use forms and submits without JS.
### HTML-CSS-JS
- **RandomBG**: Generate random background color. Meets JS for the first time.
- **ScoreKeeper**: Basically a score counter, first encounter with Bulma. Is somewhat responsive.
## Backend
****
And more is coming...
